Jessica Alberto
Megan Horan
Yishan Lin 
Zehua (Harry) Zhao
CS411: Project Deliverable - Group 7


Idea # 1:  Alcohol and Bar Crawl 

This website will be any college kid’s ideal, all-inclusive app for a night out. Ideally, the site will have a selection page for the user to pick how drunk he or she would like to get that night: ranging from buzzed, drunk, very drunk, black-out, or not drunk at all. Based on that selection, the website will then display certain drinks and quantities that would be best for the user to achieve the desired level of drunkenness, plus a potential cost the user will spend that night based on the drinks they choose. (costs drawn from local grocery stores, Target API, etc.) After this, the user will be able to enter a start and finish destination. At a high level, we then draw from the google map APIs which show bars in a 0.5 mile - 1 mile radius of the route between the two points. We then look at the bars generated and use the google data for most popular hours, and a Yelp API to get data for which bars are the busiest and most favorably review. We then output the bar route that would be best for the bar crawl. 
Ideally, if we have time we would add functionality for the fastest and cheapest route getting to the crawl, drawing on the travel time and also the price for the cheapest route from sources such as the MBTA, Uber or Lyft. 

Back Up Idea: 

This application will assist people with consuming all the ingredients left in his/her fridge. Since there are lots of people tend to forget what they have left in the fridge and don’t know how to use the ingredients to cook delicious foods, this web app will remind users days that specific ingredient has been in the fridge and provide recipes based what’s left in there.  Based on user inputs, we will display any recipes associated (so if they type in “chicken”, we will display on the LHS, all the chicken recipes), and then display the nutrition value for the ingredient (on RHS, chicken breast nutrition).

https://spoonacular.com/food-api
http://api2.bigoven.com (FREE)
https://developer.yummly.com/
https://www.programmableweb.com/category/food/apis?category=20048


-- End --





